Add clarification on how to run examples (#1185)
grpc/grpc-dotnet: examples/README.md

# gRPC for .NET Examples

> Examples of basic gRPC scenarios with gRPC for .NET. The examples should be executed within the repository to resolve packages correctly. Copying individual projects to different directories without also specifying package versions explicitly will result in incorrect package versions being resolved.
> 
> If you are brand new to gRPC on .NET a good place to start is the getting started tutorial: [Create a gRPC client and server in ASP.NET Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/tutorials/grpc/grpc-start)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of basic gRPC scenarios with gRPC for .NET.

If you are brand new to gRPC on .NET a good place to start is the getting started tutorial: [Create a gRPC client and server in ASP.NET Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/tutorials/grpc/grpc-start)

**NOTE:** The example projects package references use version numbers from [dependencies.props](../build/dependencies.props). For example: `<PackageReference Include="Grpc.Net.Client" Version="$(GrpcDotNetPackageVersion)" />`. Sample projects that are copied to a location outside of the repository the package versions must be updated with a version to run correctly.
```

If you are brand new to gRPC on .NET a good place to start is the getting started tutorial: [Create a gRPC client and server in ASP.NET Core](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/tutorials/grpc/grpc-start)

> **NOTE:** The example projects package references use version numbers from [dependencies.props](../build/dependencies.props). For example: `<PackageReference Include="Grpc.Net.Client" Version="$(GrpcDotNetPackageVersion)" />`. Sample projects that are copied outside of the repository must update package versions to run correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The example projects use version numbers from [dependencies.props](../build/dependencies.props) when referencing packages. For example: `<PackageReference Include="Grpc.Net.Client" Version="$(GrpcDotNetPackageVersion)" />`. Example projects that are copied outside of the repository must update package versions to run correctly.
```

> **NOTE:** The example projects package references use version numbers from [dependencies.props](../build/dependencies.props). For example: `<PackageReference Include="Grpc.Net.Client" Version="$(GrpcDotNetPackageVersion)" />`. Sample projects that are copied to a location outside of the repository the package versions must be updated with a version to run correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** The example projects package references use version numbers from [dependencies.props](../build/dependencies.props). For example: `<PackageReference Include="Grpc.Net.Client" Version="$(GrpcDotNetPackageVersion)" />`. Sample projects that are copied outside of the repository must update package versions to run correctly.
```
